# Privacy Policy

## Last updated: February 02, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

    - Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    - Country refers to: Austria
    - Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    - Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    - Service refers to the Website.
    - Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the    - - Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    - Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
    - Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    - Website refers to Our Europe Timeline, accessible from https:\\oureuropetimeline.tk
    - You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
## Types of Data Collected
- Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Usage Data

# Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies



## The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usagof our Service.

To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of thService. The Personal Data You provide can give You access tdifferent functionalities of the Service that are available to You aa registered user.

For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance anundertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items oservices You have purchased or of any other contract with Us througthe Service.

To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, oother equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobilapplication's push notifications regarding updates or informativcommunications related to the functionalities, products or contracteservices, including the security updates, when necessary oreasonable for their implementation.

To provide You with news, special offers and general informatioabout other goods, services and events which we offer that arsimilar to those that you have already purchased or enquired abouunless You have opted not to receive such information.

## To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate oconduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganizationdissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assetswhether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, osimilar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about ouService users is among the assets transferred.

For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposessuch as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining theffectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate animprove our Service, products, services, marketing and youexperience.

## We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information witService Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, tcontact You.
For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personainformation in connection with, or during negotiations of, anmerger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliatesin which case we will require those affiliates to honor this PrivacPolicy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any othesubsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that Wcontrol or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners: We may share Your information with Oubusiness partners to offer You certain products, services opromotions.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwisinteract in the public areas with other users, such information mabe viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. IYou interact with other users or register through a Third-PartSocial Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social MediService may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Youactivity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions oYour activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for another purpose with Your consent.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
## Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
 Comply with a legal obligation
 Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
 Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with theService
 Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
 Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us

### If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: our.europe.timeline@gmail.com

